TEST                                          | STATUS    | DURATION

abandonconflict.py                            | ✓ Passed  | 18 s
bip68-112-113-p2p.py                          | ✖ Failed  | 792 s
blockchain.py                                 | ✓ Passed  | 9 s
bumpfee.py                                    | ✖ Failed  | 13 s
decodescript.py                               | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
disablewallet.py                              | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
disconnect_ban.py                             | ✓ Passed  | 6 s
fabcoin-8mb-block.py                          | ✖ Failed  | 20 s
fabcoin-block-header.py                       | ✖ Failed  | 4 s
fabcoin-call-empty-contract.py                | ✓ Passed  | 11 s
fabcoin-callcontract.py                       | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
fabcoin-combined-outputs-exceed-gas-limit.py  | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
fabcoin-condensing-txs.py                     | ✖ Failed  | 4 s
fabcoin-create-eth-op-code.py                 | ✖ Failed  | 4 s
fabcoin-createcontract.py                     | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
fabcoin-dgp-block-size-restart.py             | ✖ Failed  | 21 s
fabcoin-dgp-block-size-sync.py                | ✖ Failed  | 26 s
fabcoin-dgp-gas-price-lingering-mempool-tx.py | ✓ Passed  | 12 s
fabcoin-dgp.py                                | ✖ Failed  | 6 s
fabcoin-evm-globals.py                        | ✖ Failed  | 5 s
fabcoin-gas-limit-overflow.py                 | ✖ Failed  | 5 s
fabcoin-gas-limit.py                          | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
fabcoin-globals-state-changer.py              | ✖ Failed  | 4 s
fabcoin-identical-refunds.py                  | ✖ Failed  | 4 s
fabcoin-immature-coinstake-spend.py           | ✖ Failed  | 21 s
fabcoin-many-value-refunds-from-same-tx.py    | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
fabcoin-no-exec-call-disabled.py              | ✖ Failed  | 4 s
fabcoin-null-sender.py                        | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
fabcoin-opcall.py                             | ✓ Passed  | 11 s
fabcoin-opcreate.py                           | ✓ Passed  | 7 s
fabcoin-searchlog-restart-node.py             | ✓ Passed  | 7 s
fabcoin-searchlog.py                          | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
fabcoin-sendtocontract.py                     | ✖ Failed  | 4 s
fabcoin-soft-block-gas-limits.py              | ✖ Failed  | 21 s
fabcoin-spend-op-call.py                      | ✖ Failed  | 4 s
fabcoin-state-root.py                         | ✓ Passed  | 7 s
fabcoin-transaction-prioritization.py         | ✖ Failed  | 6 s
fabcoin-waitforlogs.py                        | ✓ Passed  | 8 s
fabcoin_cli.py                                | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
fundrawtransaction.py                         | ✓ Passed  | 32 s
getchaintips.py                               | ✓ Passed  | 17 s
httpbasics.py                                 | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
import-rescan.py                              | ✓ Passed  | 9 s
importmulti.py                                | ✓ Passed  | 9 s
importprunedfunds.py                          | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
invalidblockrequest.py                        | ✖ Failed  | 4 s
invalidtxrequest.py                           | ✖ Failed  | 4 s
keypool-topup.py                              | ✓ Passed  | 11 s
keypool.py                                    | ✓ Passed  | 7 s
listsinceblock.py                             | ✓ Passed  | 8 s
listtransactions.py                           | ✓ Passed  | 25 s
mempool_limit.py                              | ✓ Passed  | 8 s
mempool_persist.py                            | ✓ Passed  | 18 s
mempool_reorg.py                              | ✓ Passed  | 9 s
mempool_resurrect_test.py                     | ✖ Failed  | 4 s
mempool_spendcoinbase.py                      | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
merkle_blocks.py                              | ✓ Passed  | 7 s
minchainwork.py                               | ✓ Passed  | 6 s
mining.py                                     | ✖ Failed  | 2 s
multi_rpc.py                                  | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
multiwallet.py                                | ✓ Passed  | 8 s
net.py                                        | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
nulldummy.py                                  | ✖ Failed  | 4 s
p2p-compactblocks.py                          | ✖ Failed  | 163 s
p2p-fullblocktest.py                          | ✖ Failed  | 5 s
p2p-leaktests.py                              | ✓ Passed  | 8 s
p2p-mempool.py                                | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
p2p-versionbits-warning.py                    | ✖ Failed  | 163 s
preciousblock.py                              | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
prioritise_transaction.py                     | ✖ Failed  | 9 s
proxy_test.py                                 | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
rawtransactions.py                            | ✓ Passed  | 22 s
receivedby.py                                 | ✓ Passed  | 14 s
reindex.py                                    | ✓ Passed  | 12 s
resendwallettransactions.py                   | ✓ Passed  | 5 s
rest.py                                       | ✓ Passed  | 11 s
rpcnamedargs.py                               | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
sendheaders.py                                | ✖ Failed  | 63 s
signmessages.py                               | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
signrawtransactions.py                        | ✓ Passed  | 4 s
txn_clone.py                                  | ✓ Passed  | 21 s
txn_doublespend.py --mineblock                | ✖ Failed  | 24 s
uptime.py                                     | ✓ Passed  | 3 s
wallet-accounts.py                            | ✖ Failed  | 4 s
wallet-dump.py                                | ✖ Failed  | 3 s
wallet-encryption.py                          | ✓ Passed  | 9 s
wallet-hd.py                                  | ✓ Passed  | 31 s
wallet.py                                     | ✓ Passed  | 52 s
walletbackup.py                               | ✓ Passed  | 125 s
zapwallettxes.py                              | ✓ Passed  | 13 s
zmq_test.py                                   | ✓ Passed  | 11 s

ALL                                           | ✖ Failed  | 2107 s (accumulated) 

